README.md, before:

# React TypeScript ShadCN TanStack Demo

A comprehensive demonstration of modern React development patterns featuring TypeScript, ShadCN UI components, and the complete TanStack suite. This project showcases production-ready frontend architecture with accessibility compliance, comprehensive testing, and deployment-ready configurationKey Features

## Modern React 18 application built with Vite and TypeScript
ShadCN UI component library with dark/light theme support
TanStack Query for server state management with caching and background updates
TanStack Table with sorting, filtering, pagination, and column controls
TanStack Form with type-safe validation and error handling
WCAG 2.2 AAA accessibility compliance with comprehensive audit results
Atomic Design methodology demonstrating component hierarchy and reusability
Direct Supabase API integration with both REST and GraphQL query examples
Comprehensive testing suite using Vitest and React Testing Library
Production deployment configuration for Netlify with automatic builds
## Technical Stack

### Frontend: React 18, TypeScript, Vite, Tailwind CSS, ShadCN UI
State Management: TanStack Query, React Context
Testing: Vitest, React Testing Library, Jest
Database: Supabase PostgreSQL with Silicon Valley character dataset
Deployment: Netlify with automated builds from GitHub
Backend API: Node.js with Express (REST v1) and Apollo Server (GraphQL v2)

## Architecture Highlights

The application demonstrates enterprise-level patterns including provider-based architecture, component composition, accessibility-first design, and comprehensive error handling. 
All components are fully tested with proper mocking of browser APIs and external dependencies.

Live Demo
[Netlify Live Demo](https://superb-crisp-bd0212.netlify.app/)
The application is deployed and fully functional, showcasing real-time data fetching, interactive tables, form validation, and responsive design across all device sizes while maintaining perfect accessibility scores.

<img width="1989" height="993" alt="react-typescript-shadcn-tanstack-supabase" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6e1c058c-ad03-401c-a3d8-52e952518bdc" />

Commit message:

Update README for React 19 and project usage
Updated README to reflect changes in React version and added usage notes.

README.md, after:

# React TypeScript ShadCN TanStack Demo

A comprehensive demonstration of modern React development patterns featuring TypeScript, ShadCN UI components, and the complete TanStack suite. This project showcases production-ready frontend architecture with accessibility compliance, comprehensive testing, and deployment-ready configurationKey Features

## Modern React 19 application built with Vite and TypeScript
ShadCN UI component library with dark/light theme support
TanStack Query for server state management with caching and background updates
TanStack Table with sorting, filtering, pagination, and column controls
TanStack Form with type-safe validation and error handling
WCAG 2.2 AAA accessibility compliance with comprehensive audit results
Atomic Design methodology demonstrating component hierarchy and reusability
Direct Supabase API integration with both REST and GraphQL query examples
Comprehensive testing suite using Vitest and React Testing Library
Production deployment configuration for Netlify with automatic builds
## Technical Stack

### Frontend: React 19, TypeScript, Vite, Tailwind CSS, ShadCN UI
State Management: TanStack Query, React Context
Testing: Vitest, React Testing Library, Jest
Database: Supabase PostgreSQL with Silicon Valley character dataset
Deployment: Netlify with automated builds from GitHub
Backend API: Node.js with Express (REST v1) and Apollo Server (GraphQL v2)

## Architecture Highlights

The application demonstrates enterprise-level patterns including provider-based architecture, component composition, accessibility-first design, and comprehensive error handling. 
All components are fully tested with proper mocking of browser APIs and external dependencies.

## Feel free to use this if you like
This project can be used freely just feel free to create a copy of this application. 
Both projects are public so there are no issues. If you need some help with the setup freel free to reach out and I'd be happy to help. 

Have fun and remember, everyone gets nervous it's normal and we only grow from it. This was super fun building and I can't wait to dive into more projects that I'll continue to share. 

## Live Demos launched on Netlify

Live Demo
[Netlify Live Demo](https://superb-crisp-bd0212.netlify.app/)
The application is deployed and fully functional, showcasing real-time data fetching, interactive tables, form validation, and responsive design across all device sizes while maintaining perfect accessibility scores.

<img width="1989" height="993" alt="react-typescript-shadcn-tanstack-supabase" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6e1c058c-ad03-401c-a3d8-52e952518bdc" />

Github Repository:
[GitHub Project Location - Refresher](https://github.com/redeyedev-208/react-shadcn-typescript-a11y-tanstack-refresher?tab=readme-ov-file)
Variation of this using accessibility and a JSON Server that isn't connecting to a supabase account is found below:
The project also has tests with coverage and I tried for 100% but will settle for what we have now. 
Cheers and have an amazing time on your development journey.
[Netlify Live Demo - WCAG Url Tester](https://68fec903d48185fb74d80e73--react-shadcn-a11y-demo.netlify.app/)
